vim-speech

This plugin connect VIM with an external text-to-speech engine. 


INTRODUCTION
Main target is the enhancement of basic commands to create
an usable environment for blind users. 
Thus, it focus on a subset of all VIM commands.

As default text-to-speech engine it supports the open source eSpeak, see url
http://espeak.sourceforge.net/
The engine could be replaced by other interfaces.

NOTE about the current state
Currently, many functions was just implement as first proof-of-concept versions.
Let's answer the question if this approach is useful, first!


DEPENDENCIES
Required command line tools: Aplay, Espeak.
Both tools are common and should be found in most Linux package distribution.
To install them on a debian based system use following command:
sudo apt-get install alsa-utils espeak

Required VIM-plugins: Pathogen.
The follwing line contain a link a textfile with install instructions for Pathogen:
https://raw.githubusercontent.com/tpope/vim-pathogen/master/README.markdown


INSTALLATION
Copy this folder into the directory ~/.vim/bundle/ . Pathogen should manage the plugin loading, now.


FEATURES
The following functionalities of VIM are changed by the plugin:
- Cursor movements in normal mode.
- Selection with the visual modes.
- Commandline mode uses own window instead of single line.
- Speech of popup menu entries in input mode.
- Short sounds for several actions, like mode changes.
 
The following functionalities are added:
- Speech of current state of VIM
- Speech of several contextes (in example current character, word, line or paragraph).


DOCUMENTATION
[Add notes about the main idea and functionalty behind VIM for unskilled users.]
[Add link to start reference. It could be useful to find a good video series on YouTube. ]


HELP


CONTRIBUTION
This plugin is released under the GPLv3 license


FUTURE
The following ideas/functionalities are planned:
- Add speech marks. They could be used for commenting.
- Made the general Vim help usable. 
- Windows-Support
